Wasn't it destroyed by Chen Shijiang?
What are you doing here?
I remember.
I didn't have my good brother who was killed in a fire
Chen's bottom line
Patek Jade
Worth 30 million
Who wants Angelica?
Ru Yanran
No, there is still excellence in this place
I am
Go back three years
Where is less
Such powerful muscles
I remember.
My half-brother today?
Let him catch these housewives and seduce me
Also let me become Zhongzhou
The beast that thousands of people refer to
Take the opportunity to raise me to death and beat me to death
Chen's River Bottom
I'm really curious
What kind of leverage does Lin Chusheng feel?
Only then can the dignified Zhuo Family Qianxin make such a sacrifice
Ah!
If I'm not mistaken
He is already outside with Xunpu now.
Just waiting for your signal
They bring people in to accuse me of attempted rape
Ah!
Ha ha.
Have some fun
You get it.
I am Lin Fan, the young master of the Lin family.
I now order a total ban on your words
No one is allowed to enter the entire Genting Heaven Palace
What does he want?
How dare he?
Miss Zhuo
You're not going to join my good brother
Framed me for rape?
today
What is truly something out of nothing?